Add README to JB (#49)
brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book: brainhack_book/README.md

# Brainhack Book :book: 

> [Brainhack](brainhack.org) refers to a series of community events, that brings scientists from all around the world with a variety of expertise and disciplines together to facilitate neuroscience research for the community by creating tools, methodologies, techniques, ideas, and guidelines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Brainhack](brainhack.org) refers to a series of community events, that bring together scientists from all around the world with a variety of expertise and disciplines to facilitate neuroscience research for the community by creating tools, methodologies, techniques, ideas, and guidelines.
```

Together with this book we aim to create a freely and openly accessible source for the community, that gives a gives a general overview about the aims, tools, and the outputs of the Brainhack events, that is open to the community's contributions. This book is also created by the Brainhack community as a supplement to the [Neuron, 2020 community paper](https://psyarxiv.com/rytjq/) 

> ### Goals of the Book
> This Brainhack Book aims to;
> 
> * create an open, freely accessible central source for about the concept of the Brainhack events.
> * provide a projection about the past and future of the Brainhack events.
> * showcase an  overview of the scope and outputs of the events run all around the world to this day.
> * curate a glossary about the Brainhack community terms.
> * give interactive graphical and media content about the events.
> * create a living and growing community source with the contributions from the any member of the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Goals

* be an accessible and central source about the concepts surrounding Brainhack events;
* be a growing source with contributions of the community;
* provide a projection about the past and future of the Brainhack events;
* showcase the scope and outputs of the events run all around the world to this day;
* curate a glossary about the Brainhack community terms;
* give interactive graphical and media content about the events.
```

> ### Instructions on Installing the Brainhack Book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running the Brainhack Book
```

> This book was created with [Jupyter Book](https://jupyterbook.org/intro.html) as an open-source project for designing online interactive books.
> 
> 
> This is the README file for Brainhack book hosted online at [Brainhack Book](https://brainhack.org/brainhack_jupyter_book/)
> For the README file of the main repository please [follow this link](https://github.com/brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book/blob/main/README.md).
> 
> All the text for each chapter of the `book` lives inside the folder `./Brainhack Book` directory.
> All figures associated with the chapters are stored in and linked from the `./Brainhack Book/figures` directory.
> Everything else is in the `Brainhack Book/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This book was created with [Jupyter Book](https://jupyterbook.org/intro.html) as an open-source project for designing online interactive books.

Each chapter of the `book` lives inside the `./brainhack_book` directory, along with the figures associated with the chapters, present in the `./brainhack_book/static` directory.
```

### Configuration

> - The table of contents (TOC) defines the order of chapters as they appear in the book.
> To change the TOC, please edit the `Brainhack Book/_toc.yml` file with correct information on filenames and their relative locations in this repository.
> Documentation on controlling the TOC structure can be found on the [jupyter book website](https://jupyterbook.org/customize/toc.html).
> - Same applies for more general configuration using `Brainhack Book/_config.yml`.
> Documentation on configuring book settings can be found on the [jupyter book website](https://jupyterbook.org/customize/config.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The table of contents (TOC) defines the order of chapters as they appear in the book.
To change the TOC, please edit `./brainhack_book/_toc.yml` with correct information of filenames and their relative locations in this repository.
Documentation on controlling the TOC structure can be found on the [jupyter book website](https://jupyterbook.org/customize/toc.html).
- Same applies for more general configuration using `./brainhack_book/_config.yml`.
Documentation on configuring book settings can be found on the [jupyter book website](https://jupyterbook.org/customize/config.html).
```

### Deploying

> The site is built automatically using these two directories. All of the requirements are specified in `Brainhack Book/requirements.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The site is built and deployed automatically using Github actions, from the `main` branch.
```

#### Locally (Mac / Linux Only)

> To install jupyter-book etc.
> ```
> cd book/website
> pip install -r requirements.txt
> ```
> 
> Finally, to build the book and preview your changes locally you can run the following command:
> ```
> cd book/website
> jupyter-book build .
> ```
> Now you can open the path provided by jupyter-book as output in your terminal.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Clone the project:
```
git clone git@github.com:brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book.git
cd brainhack_book
```

Install the dependencies using pip; or
```
pip install -r ./requirements.txt
```

Install the dependencies using conda:
```
conda env update -n brainhack-jb-env -f ./environment.yml
```

Finally, to build the book and preview your changes locally you can run the following command:
```
jupyter-book build brainhack_book
```
Now you can open the HTML path provided by jupyter-book as output in your terminal i.e. `brainhack_book/_build/html/index.html`.
````

#### Clean up the recent build

> When you test your edits by building the book multiple times, it is better to clean up the last build before generating a new one.
> You can either manually delete the `book/website/_build` folder every time, or run this command:
> ```
> cd book/website
> jupyter-book clean .
> ```
> More details on this process can be read on the [JupyterBook's GitHub repository](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/blob/master/docs/advanced/advanced.md#clean-your-books-generated-files).

Reviewer: ````suggestion
When you test your edits by building the book multiple times, it is better to clean up the last build before generating a new one.
You can either manually delete the `brainhack_book/_build` folder every time, or run this command:
```
jupyter-book clean brainhack_book
```
More details on this process can be read on the [JupyterBook's GitHub repository](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/blob/master/docs/advanced/advanced.md#clean-your-books-generated-files).
````

#### Check external links in the book

> When editing or reviewing this book locally, you can run the Sphinx link checker with Jupyter Book to check if the external links mentioned in the book are valid.
> To run the link checker, use the following command:
> 
> ```
> cd book/website
> jupyter-book build . --builder linkcheck
> ```
> 
> The link checker checks if each link resolves and prints the status on your terminal so that you can check and resolve any incorrect links.
> Read more about this on the [JupyterBook's GitHub repository](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/blob/master/docs/advanced/advanced.md#check-external-links-in-your-book).

Reviewer: ````suggestion
When editing or reviewing this book locally, you can run the link checker with Jupyter Book to check if the external links mentioned in the book are valid.
To run the link checker, use the following command:

```
jupyter-book build brainhack_book --builder linkcheck
```

The link checker checks if each link resolves and prints the status on your terminal so that you can check and resolve any incorrect links.
Read more about this on the [JupyterBook's GitHub repository](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/blob/master/docs/advanced/advanced.md#check-external-links-in-your-book).
````
